Add Serverless Troubleshooting guide (#8553)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/serverless/10-01-serverless-troubleshooting.md

---
title: Serverless troubleshooting
type: Troubleshooting
---

> ## Function stuck in Error and Knative Service is not ready with RevisionMissing reason

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> In case Knative Service get stuck with RevisionMissing reason and updates on Function doesn't solve that problem, try these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Function is not running, and the KService is stuck with the `RevisionMissing` reason, try updating the Function. If the update does not solve the problem, follow the steps for a given Kyma release.
```

> ### Kyma 1.12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Kyma 1.12
```

> 1. Copy Service Binding Usage annotation to environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the ServiceBindingUsage annotation to an environment variable:
```

    
    ```bash
    export SBU_ANNOTATION=$(kubectl get services.serving.knative.dev {NAME} -n {NAMESPACE} -o=jsonpath="{.metadata.annotations['servicebindingusages\.servicecatalog\.kyma-project\.io/tracing-information']}")
    ```

> 2. Delete Knative Service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Delete the KService:
```

    
    ```bash
    kubectl delete services.serving.knative.dev {NAME} -n {NAMESPACE}
    ```

> 3. Add Service Binding Usage annotation to the new Knative Service that has been created:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add the ServiceBindingUsage annotation to the new KService that is automatically created:
```

    
    ```bash
    if [[ -n "${SBU_ANNOTATION}" ]]; then; kubectl annotate services.serving.knative.dev {NAME} -n {NAMESPACE} "servicebindingusages.servicecatalog.kyma-project.io/tracing-information=${SBU_ANNOTATION}" --overwrite; fi
    ```

> ### Kyma 1.13 and newer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Kyma 1.13 and newer
```

> 1. Delete Knative Service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Delete the KService:
```
